>> Brian Holt: Now,
I want you to go to header.jsx, and
now we're gonna say import.
Connect at the top, from react-redux.
And we're going to import
from' ./actionCreators.
>> Brian Holt: We come down here for
default props,
get rid of handleSearchTermChange.
>> Brian Holt: Get rid of searchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: Cuz these
are no longer optional types.
>> Brian Holt: Right?
>> Brian Holt: You also are gonna
get rid of the maybe types here.
So get rid of the question marks.
Cuz now, it's just always going
to be reading from redux, and
it's only gonna occasionally be using it.
>> Brian Holt: Then down
here at the bottom.
>> Brian Holt: You're still gonna
have a default prop show search.
You're gonna say const mapStateToProps
= state which is going to return
an object of ({searchTerm:
state.searchTerm}).
And you're gonna have
a const mapDispatchToProps
which is gonna be = (dispatch).
>> Brian Holt: Which is a function.
>> Brian Holt: And again,
you're gonna be returning an object
with a handleSearchTermChange.
And all that's going to do is take
an event which is going to be a,
well actually I don't think you
even need to type this one.
You're gonna dispatch a setSearchTerm,
from (event.target.value).
>> Brian Holt: Did I import this up there?
No, I guess I didn't.
Sorry, this should be setSearchTerm.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: And
then down here we're just gonna connect.
>> Brian Holt: (mapStateToProps,
mapDispatchToProps).
>> Brian Holt: And that is it.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, cool.
>> Brian Holt: So, the nice thing is we
have this HandleSearchTermChange that was
coming in as a prop before.
The nice thing is,
we don't have to re-factor that,
because that's already
the contract that we have there.
So it's totally fine to leave that as is.
>> Brian Holt: So
now HandleSearchTermChange and
SearchTerm are both gonna be required.
showSearchTerm is still a media
type because it might be coming,
it might not be.
And then yeah,
we're gonna have this input that may or
may not be reading from Redux,
depending on which context it's called in.
So let's save that, and refresh.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, still getting
some errors, which doesn't matter.
So now if I say, I'm gonna search for
black, and I hit Enter,
I'm going to go to the landing page
with that filled in from Redux, right?
>> Brian Holt: And
then I can modify it up here and
it's still giving me reading from Redux.
Another cool thing as
a nice byproduct of this.
If I click into Atlanta, and
then I click Back, it's still
gonna have the same search term, because
that's being perpetuated in Redux, right?
Nothing's modifying Redux when I go there.
>> Brian Holt: Something else
that actually is a problem,
if I back to svideo, well, I mean,
it's still reading Atlanta, that's fine.
But if I say or Browse All, I actually
technically haven't fixed that yet,
but the only thing you'd have
to do is if they clicked it,
dispatch an action to Redux to clear
out the search term, and that's fine.
Not gonna do it here because I literally
just explained to you how to do it,
I have all faith that you can go and
do it.
Any questions?
>> Brian Holt: It only took us two hours,
but
we've at least completed the first
bit of migrating to Redux.
>> Brian Holt: It is pretty cool,
I mean the tradeoff here is that like for
example if you look at Search,
Search got a lot more simple right?
Search you used to have
to worry about state, and
passing props into the right header and
all that kinda stuff.
It no longer has to care about
that because Search in and
of itself really, all it wants to do is
read Search term and do searching, and
it doesn't actually wanna read and
write to Redux, right?
It can lead that problem to header.
So by virtue of that,
it doesn't have to care anymore,
because it only matters where
you're actually doing the writing.
And the writing isn't actually
happening in Header, and
it's not happening in Search.
So that is a nicety.
It's gonna externalize the reading and
writing to your data store into separate
files and separate functions, and
it's gonna simplify your React components.
That's a net positive in my opinion.
However, we greatly complicated the
process of reading-writing to our state.
It's deliberate, it's very deliberate,
which is a good thing in general.
But it's a pain, yeah,
it's just more code.
It's more code, and more things to
think about, which is always hard.
What we'll talk about tomorrow is,
we'll talk about testing Redux.
Cuz you can see, as you may imagine,
a lot of the stuff that we just did,
like the action creators and
the reducers are extremely testable.
So that's gonna be really positive for us.
And I'm gonna show you how to actually
have Redux generate test for itself,
which is pretty cool.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about Redux?
I've shown you the happy path for
Redux, this is most of what Redux is.
It's just dispatching actions
into the reducers, and
letting the reducers take care of things,
which then update the store or
which then gets fed back in the UI, right?
That's most of Redux,
everything else is an advanced use case.
>> Brian Holt: I would also say,
you cannot actually write Redux,
only ever doing stuff like this.
I will show you tomorrow how
to do asynchronous stuff.
We can actually externalize
asynchronous stuff and Redux, but
you wouldn't do that, I guess.